BZ2110339: Release note entry for bug fix (inheritable properties of containers) (#52068)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, pod namespaces managed by CRI-O, for example network, IPC, and UTS, were not unmounted when the pod was removed. This resulted in leakage, driving the Open vSwitch CPU to 100%, which caused pod latency and other performance impacts. This has been resolved and pod namespaces are unmounted when removed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2003193[*BZ#2003193*])

> 

Reviewer: Need an * at the start to add this to the bulleted list. 

Minor text suggestion: 

* Currently, containers are started with non-empty inheritable Linux process capabilities. To work around this issue, modify the entry point of a container using a utility such as `capsh(1)` to drop inheritable capabilities before the primary process starts. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2076265[*BZ#2076265*])

> * Currently, containers start with non-empty inheritable Linux process capabilities. To work around this issue, modify the entry point of a container using a utility such as `capsh(1)` to drop inheritable capabilities before the primary process starts. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2076265[*BZ#2076265*]) 

Reviewer 2: > To work around this issue

Is this a known issue rather than a bug fix?

> * Currently, containers are started with non-empty inheritable Linux process capabilities. To work around this issue, modify the entry point of a container using a utility such as `capsh(1)` to drop inheritable capabilities before the primary process starts. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2076265[*BZ#2076265*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Currently, containers start with non-empty inheritable Linux process capabilities. To work around this issue, modify the entry point of a container using a utility such as `capsh(1)` to drop inheritable capabilities before the primary process starts. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2076265[*BZ#2076265*])
```

Wording suggestion to avoid passive voice. WDYT?

Author: Good suggestion, Ben. I will implement and then ask for merge review if that is OK.
